doc: add nested virtualization user guide (#6083)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/nvmx_virtualization.rst

.. _nested_virt:

Enable Nested Virtualization
############################

With nested virtualization enabled, it's possible to run virtual machine
instances inside of level 1 guests. Though it seems both nested guests and
User VMs are launched from the guest VM, the distinction between them is
that, in the case of User VM, hypervisor is not running on Service OS, and
besides the device model, ACRN provides all the support to run the User VMs.
While for nested guests, an instance of guest hypervisor is running on the
guest to manage the nested VMs.

> 

Reviewer: a little confused about the name "User VMs", "guest VM" and "nested guests", but I get your mean.

Author: Yes, it's confusing. I'm trying to differentiate them:

-  User VM is the 'official' name for UOS, which is launched by acrn-dm;
-  Nested guest, or L2 guest, L2 VM: the virtual machine launched by L1 hypervisor, and runs on top of the L1 guest;
-  Guest VM: is a generic/loose term refers to the virtual machine runs on top of a hypervisor. It may refer to any of the above VMs, depending on the context;

The image below shows the high-level design of nested virtualization in
ACRN. Nested VMX is enabled by so by allowing a guest to use VMX
instructions, and emulating them using the single level of VMX available
in the hardware.

A logical processor uses virtual-machine control data structures (VMCSs) while
it is in VMX operation. The core of the NVMX emulation is ACRN builds VMCS02
out of the VMCS12 which is built by L1 hypervisor, to actually run the L2 guest

.. figure:: images/nested_arch_1.png
   :width: 700px
   :align: center

   Nested Virtualization in ACRN

Restrictions and constrains
***************************

Currently nested virtualization is considered as an experimental feature.
As of today, the tested platforms are: Tiger Lake RVP and Kaby Lake NUC.

L1 VMs have the following restrictions:

* KVM is the only L1 hypervisor that supported by ACRN currently
* KVM runs in 64-bits mode
* KVM enables EPT for L2 guests
* QEMU is used to launch L2 guests

Constrains on L1 guest configuration:

* Local APIC passthrough should be enabled
* use SCHED_NOOP scheduler because ACRN can't receive timer interrupts
  on LAPIC passthrough pCPUs
* Don't support hybrid mode currently

> 

Reviewer: We support hybrid, but have a few limitation about Pre-RTVM. Now QA did test with Hybrid_RT.

Author: I can remove this.

L1 VM configuration
*******************

The nested virtualization feature is disabled by default in ACRN. You can
enable it using the :ref:`ACRN configuration toolset <acrn_config_workflow>`
with the following steps:

- Configure system level features:

   - Edit ``NVMX_ENABLED`` to ``y`` in ACRN scenario XML configuration to
     enable nested virtualization

> 

Reviewer: So which scenario do you use? Industry?

Author: Personally I tested with SDC, which is supposed to same with industry, from the perspective of how to support nested virtualization, and logical partition mode, and hybrid.

Author: I will add :ref:`acrn_configuration_tool` and mentioned that it's preferred to use GUI config.

Author: Added screen shot from the ACRN config GUI.

   - Edit ``SCHEDULER`` to ``SCHED_NOOP``

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 3, 10

      <FEATURES>
         <RELOC>y</RELOC>
         <SCHEDULER>SCHED_NOOP</SCHEDULER>
         <MULTIBOOT2>y</MULTIBOOT2>
         <ENFORCE_TURNOFF_AC>y</ENFORCE_TURNOFF_AC>
         <RDT>
            <RDT_ENABLED>n</RDT_ENABLED>
            <CDP_ENABLED>n</CDP_ENABLED>
         </RDT>
         <NVMX_ENABLED>y</NVMX_ENABLED>
         <HYPERV_ENABLED>y</HYPERV_ENABLED>
         <IOMMU_ENFORCE_SNP>n</IOMMU_ENFORCE_SNP>
         <ACPI_PARSE_ENABLED>y</ACPI_PARSE_ENABLED>
         <L1D_VMENTRY_ENABLED>n</L1D_VMENTRY_ENABLED>
         <MCE_ON_PSC_DISABLED>n</MCE_ON_PSC_DISABLED>
         <IVSHMEM>
            <IVSHMEM_ENABLED>n</IVSHMEM_ENABLED>
            <IVSHMEM_REGION/>
         </IVSHMEM>
      </FEATURES>

- Configure system level features:

  - Edit ``cpu_affinity`` to assign pCPU IDs to run the L1 guest. If you are
    using debug build and need the hypervisor console, please don't assign
    pCPU0 to the VM that enables nVMX
  - Edit ``guest_flag`` to enable ``GUEST_FLAG_NVMX_ENABLED`` on the VM that

>     you want to run nested guests on

Reviewer: Why do we need 2 switcher for nest enabling？

Author: Right, I should remove guest_flag_rt.

  - Edit ``guest_flag`` to enable ``GUEST_FLAG_LAPIC_PASSTHROUGH`` and
    ``GUEST_FLAG_RT`` on this nVMX enabled VM

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 5,6,9,10,11

      <vm id="0">
        <vm_type>SOS_VM</vm_type>
        <name>ACRN SOS VM</name>
        <cpu_affinity>
          <pcpu_id>1</pcpu_id>
          <pcpu_id>2</pcpu_id>

>         </cpu_affinity>

Reviewer: cpu numer is different with the following example.

Author: Good catch. Will fix it.

        <guest_flags>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_NVMX_ENABLED</guest_flag>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_LAPIC_PASSTHROUGH</guest_flag>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_RT</guest_flag>
        </guest_flags>

Launch nested guests
********************

Run QEMU on L1 guest to launch nested guest. Please note that ``-cpu host``
is needed to launch nested guests, and currently ``-nographics`` is required
to be able to run nested guests reliably.

   .. code-block:: bash
      :emphasize-lines: 2,3,4

      qemu-system-x86_64 \
        -enable-kvm \
        -cpu host \
        -nographic \
        -m 2G \
        -smp 2 \
        -hda /root/ubuntu-20.04.qcow2 \
        -net nic,macaddr=00:16:3d:60:0a:80 -net tap,script=/etc/qemu-ifup

After nested guest is launched, it is expected to not able to see the nested
guest from hypervisor ``vcpu_list`` and ``vm_list``.

> 

Reviewer: Do we need add the complete procedure about how to check if the L2 guest is launched successfully?

Author: Will, will do.

.. _nested_virt:

Enable Nested Virtualization
############################

With nested virtualization enabled, it's possible to run virtual machine
instances inside of level 1 guests. Though it seems both nested guests and
User VMs are launched from the guest VM, the distinction between them is
that, in the case of User VM, hypervisor is not running on Service OS, and
besides the device model, ACRN provides all the support to run the User VMs.
While for nested guests, an instance of guest hypervisor is running on the
guest to manage the nested VMs.

The conventional single-level virtualization has two levels - the host
(ACRN hypervisor) and the guest VMs. With nested virtualization enabled,
ACRN is able to run guests with their associated virtual machines, which
has three levels:

* The host (ACRN hypervisor), which we call L0 hypervisor, or L0 VMM
* The guest hypervisor, which we call L1 hypervisor, or L1 VMM
* The nested guest, which we call L2 guests

.. figure:: images/nested_1.png
   :width: 700px
   :align: center

   Generic Nested Virtualization

High Level ACRN Nested Virtualization Design
********************************************

> The image below shows the high-level design of nested virtualization in

Author: Sure, thanks.

ACRN. Nested VMX is enabled by so by allowing a guest to use VMX
instructions, and emulating them using the single level of VMX available
in the hardware.

A logical processor uses virtual-machine control data structures (VMCSs) while
it is in VMX operation. The core of the NVMX emulation is ACRN builds VMCS02
out of the VMCS12 which is built by L1 hypervisor, to actually run the L2 guest

.. figure:: images/nested_arch_1.png
   :width: 700px

>    :align: center

Author: Will do.

   Nested Virtualization in ACRN

Restrictions and constrains
***************************

Currently nested virtualization is considered as an experimental feature.

> As of today, the tested platforms are: Tiger Lake RVP and Kaby Lake NUC.

Author: Will do

      :emphasize-lines: 3, 10

      <FEATURES>
         <RELOC>y</RELOC>
         <SCHEDULER>SCHED_NOOP</SCHEDULER>
         <MULTIBOOT2>y</MULTIBOOT2>
         <ENFORCE_TURNOFF_AC>y</ENFORCE_TURNOFF_AC>
         <RDT>
            <RDT_ENABLED>n</RDT_ENABLED>
            <CDP_ENABLED>n</CDP_ENABLED>
         </RDT>
         <NVMX_ENABLED>y</NVMX_ENABLED>
         <HYPERV_ENABLED>y</HYPERV_ENABLED>
         <IOMMU_ENFORCE_SNP>n</IOMMU_ENFORCE_SNP>
         <ACPI_PARSE_ENABLED>y</ACPI_PARSE_ENABLED>
         <L1D_VMENTRY_ENABLED>n</L1D_VMENTRY_ENABLED>
         <MCE_ON_PSC_DISABLED>n</MCE_ON_PSC_DISABLED>
         <IVSHMEM>
            <IVSHMEM_ENABLED>n</IVSHMEM_ENABLED>
            <IVSHMEM_REGION/>
         </IVSHMEM>
      </FEATURES>

Currently the Service OS's virtual UART interrupt doesn't work with LAPIC
passthrough, which may prevent Service OS from booting. If the nVMX enabled
guest is a Service OS, either built with SDC, Industry, or hybrid scenario,
need to configure the scenario XML file carefully to make sure that the SOS
boot parameter doesn't include "console=xxxx".

There are two steps to accomplish this. Firstly, make sure the ``SERIAL_CONSOLE``

> setting should be empty:

Reviewer 2: Given the beginning of the sentence, I would actually phrase that: "make sure the `SERIAL_CONSOLE` setting is empty"

Secondly, make sure the ``bootargs`` setting doesn't include any ``console=xxx``
test, for example:

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 4,5

      <board_private>
        <rootfs>/dev/sda3</rootfs>
        <bootargs>
        rw rootwait consoleblank=0 no_timer_check quiet loglevel=3
        i915.nuclear_pageflip=1 hvlog=2M@0xe00000 memmap=0x200000$0xe00000
        </bootargs>
      </board_private>

After ACRN is build, validate this configuration from the generated code.
For example, check this file if you build a SDC scenario:
``acrn-hypervisor/build/hypervisor/configs/scenarios/sdc/misc_cfg.h``,
the ``SOS_CONSOLE`` should be empty and ``SOS_BOOTARGS_DIFF`` should not
include any ``console=xxx`` text.

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 2,6

      #define SOS_ROOTFS                    "root=/dev/sda3 "
      #define SOS_CONSOLE                   " "
      #define SOS_COM1_BASE                 0x2F8U
      #define SOS_COM1_IRQ                  3U

      #define SOS_BOOTARGS_DIFF             "rw rootwait consoleblank=0
            no_timer_check quiet loglevel=3 i915.nuclear_pageflip=1
            hvlog=2M@0xe00000 memmap=0x200000$0xe00000 maxcpus=4 "

> - Configure system level features:

Reviewer 3: We had a "first" and "second" step.  This seems like a "third" and the build step below would be a "fourth". If so, it would be better to change the "first" and "second" sentences, this step, and the build step below into a numbered list.

  - Edit ``cpu_affinity`` to assign pCPU IDs to run the L1 guest. If you are
    using debug build and need the hypervisor console, please don't assign
    pCPU0 to the VM that enables nVMX
  - Edit ``guest_flag`` to enable ``GUEST_FLAG_NVMX_ENABLED`` on the VM that
    you want to run nested guests on
  - Edit ``guest_flag`` to enable ``GUEST_FLAG_LAPIC_PASSTHROUGH`` on this nVMX
    enabled VM

   .. code-block:: xml

      <vm id="0">
        <vm_type>SOS_VM</vm_type>
        <name>ACRN SOS VM</name>
        <cpu_affinity>
          <pcpu_id>1</pcpu_id>
          <pcpu_id>2</pcpu_id>
          <pcpu_id>3</pcpu_id>
        </cpu_affinity>
        <guest_flags>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_NVMX_ENABLED</guest_flag>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_LAPIC_PASSTHROUGH</guest_flag>
        </guest_flags>

> - Build with the XML configuration, refer to :ref:`getting-started-building`.

Reviewer 3: Let's put the actual command to do the build here.

Launch nested guests
********************

Since we disable serial console on Service OS if nVMX is enabled, you can log
in the Service OS with SSH.

> Run QEMU on L1 guest to launch nested guest. Please note that ``-cpu host``

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Run QEMU on L1 guest to launch nested guest. Note that ``-cpu host``
```

> is needed to launch nested guests, and currently ``-nographics`` is required

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
is needed to launch nested guests, and ``-nographics`` is required
```

> to be able to run nested guests reliably.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to run nested guests reliably.
```

   .. code-block:: bash
      :emphasize-lines: 2,3,4

      qemu-system-x86_64 \
        -enable-kvm \
        -cpu host \
        -nographic \
        -m 2G \
        -smp 2 \
        -hda /root/ubuntu-20.04.qcow2 \
        -net nic,macaddr=00:16:3d:60:0a:80 -net tap,script=/etc/qemu-ifup

> If the nested VM is launched successfully, you can have a working console:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the nested VM is launched successfully, you will see this output on the console:
```

   .. code-block:: bash

      Ubuntu 18.04.2 LTS ubuntu_vm ttyS0

      ubuntu_vm login: nested_user (automatic login)

      Last login: Wed May 26 17:05:51 UTC 2021 on ttyS0
      Welcome to Ubuntu 18.04.2 LTS (GNU/Linux 5.4.28+ x86_64)

       * Documentation:  https://help.ubuntu.com
       * Management:     https://landscape.canonical.com
       * Support:        https://ubuntu.com/advantage

        System information as of Wed May 26 17:15:25 UTC 2021

        System load: 0.53               Memory usage: 7%   Processes:     164
        Usage of /:  51.6% of 19.62GB   Swap usage:   0%   Users logged in: 0

       * Canonical Livepatch is available for installation.
         - Reduce system reboots and improve kernel security. Activate at:
           https://ubuntu.com/livepatch

      99 packages can be updated.
      26 updates are security updates.

      $

> It is expected to not able to see the nested guest from ``vcpu_list`` or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You won't see the nested guest from a ``vcpu_list`` or
```

Author: Yes

> ``vm_list`` command on the ACRN hypervisor console.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
``vm_list`` command on the ACRN hypervisor console because they only show level 1 VMs.
```

Author: Yes

   .. code-block:: bash

      ACRN:\>vm_list

      VM_UUID                          VM_ID VM_NAME           VM_STATE
      ================================ ===== ==========================
      dbbbd4347a574216a12c2201f1ab0240   0   ACRN SOS VM       Running
      ACRN:\>vcpu_list

      VM ID    PCPU ID    VCPU ID    VCPU ROLE    VCPU STATE    THREAD STATE
      =====    =======    =======    =========    ==========    ============
        0         1          0       PRIMARY      Running          RUNNING
        0         2          1       SECONDARY    Running          RUNNING
        0         3          2       SECONDARY    Running          RUNNING

> On the nested guest console, if you run ``lshw`` or ``dmidecode`` command,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the nested guest console, if you run an ``lshw`` or ``dmidecode`` command,
```

> you can see that this is a QEMU managed virtual machine:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
where you'll see that this is a QEMU-managed virtual machine:
```

Author: thanks

   .. code-block:: bash
      :emphasize-lines: 4,5

      $ sudo lshw -c system
      ubuntu_vm
         description: Computer
         product: Standard PC (i440FX + PIIX, 1996)
         vendor: QEMU
         version: pc-i440fx-5.2
         width: 64 bits
         capabilities: smbios-2.8 dmi-2.8 smp vsyscall32
         configuration: boot=normal

> Contrast to the same command runs on the L1 guest (Service OS, for example):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, compare this to the same command run on the L1 guest (Service VM):
```

.. _nested_virt:

Enable Nested Virtualization
############################

With nested virtualization enabled, it's possible to run virtual machine

> instances inside of level 1 guests. Though it seems both nested guests and

Author: > i.e. guests running the ACRN hypervisor

Yes, that's good. Thank you.

> instances inside of level 1 guests. Though it seems both nested guests and

Author: Will re-factor the text, trying to make it clearer.

User VMs are launched from the guest VM, the distinction between them is
that, in the case of User VM, hypervisor is not running on Service OS, and
besides the device model, ACRN provides all the support to run the User VMs.
While for nested guests, an instance of guest hypervisor is running on the
guest to manage the nested VMs.

The conventional single-level virtualization has two levels - the host
(ACRN hypervisor) and the guest VMs. With nested virtualization enabled,
ACRN is able to run guests with their associated virtual machines, which
has three levels:

* The host (ACRN hypervisor), which we call L0 hypervisor, or L0 VMM
* The guest hypervisor, which we call L1 hypervisor, or L1 VMM
* The nested guest, which we call L2 guests

.. figure:: images/nested_1.png
   :width: 700px
   :align: center

   Generic Nested Virtualization

High Level ACRN Nested Virtualization Design
********************************************

The high-level design of nested virtualization is shown in :numref:`nested_virt_hld`.

> ACRN. Nested VMX is enabled by so by allowing a guest to use VMX

Reviewer 2: Does "nested VMX" mean exactly the same thing as "Nested Virtualization"?

> instructions, and emulating them using the single level of VMX available

Reviewer 2: I do not quite understand this, can we clarify some more?

in the hardware.

A logical processor uses virtual-machine control data structures (VMCSs) while

> it is in VMX operation. The core of the NVMX emulation is ACRN builds VMCS02

Reviewer 2: What does NVMX stand for, compared to VMX? Is that the abbreviation for Nested VMX?

> it is in VMX operation. The core of the NVMX emulation is ACRN builds VMCS02

Reviewer 2: What do the `02` and `12` extensions to `VMCS` mean?

out of the VMCS12 which is built by L1 hypervisor, to actually run the L2 guest

.. figure:: images/nested_arch_1.png
   :width: 700px
   :align: center
   :name: nested_virt_hld

   Nested Virtualization in ACRN

Restrictions and constrains
***************************

Currently nested virtualization is considered as an experimental feature.
As of today, the tested platforms are: Tiger Lake RVP and Kaby Lake NUC 
(See :ref:`hardware`.)

L1 VMs have the following restrictions:

* KVM is the only L1 hypervisor supported by ACRN
* KVM runs in 64-bit mode
* KVM enables EPT for L2 guests
* QEMU is used to launch L2 guests

Constrains on L1 guest configuration:

* Local APIC passthrough should be enabled

> * use SCHED_NOOP scheduler because ACRN can't receive timer interrupts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* use ``SCHED_NOOP`` scheduler because ACRN can't receive timer interrupts
```

L1 VM configuration
*******************

The nested virtualization feature is disabled by default in ACRN. You can
enable it using the :ref:`Use the ACRN Configuration Editor <acrn_config_tool_ui>`
with the following steps:

- Configure system level features:

   - Edit ``NVMX_ENABLED`` to ``y`` in ACRN scenario XML configuration to
     enable nested virtualization

   - Edit ``SCHEDULER`` to ``SCHED_NOOP``

   .. code-block:: xml
      :emphasize-lines: 3, 10

      <FEATURES>
         <RELOC>y</RELOC>
         <SCHEDULER>SCHED_NOOP</SCHEDULER>
         <MULTIBOOT2>y</MULTIBOOT2>
         <ENFORCE_TURNOFF_AC>y</ENFORCE_TURNOFF_AC>
         <RDT>
            <RDT_ENABLED>n</RDT_ENABLED>
            <CDP_ENABLED>n</CDP_ENABLED>
         </RDT>
         <NVMX_ENABLED>y</NVMX_ENABLED>
         <HYPERV_ENABLED>y</HYPERV_ENABLED>
         <IOMMU_ENFORCE_SNP>n</IOMMU_ENFORCE_SNP>
         <ACPI_PARSE_ENABLED>y</ACPI_PARSE_ENABLED>
         <L1D_VMENTRY_ENABLED>n</L1D_VMENTRY_ENABLED>
         <MCE_ON_PSC_DISABLED>n</MCE_ON_PSC_DISABLED>
         <IVSHMEM>
            <IVSHMEM_ENABLED>n</IVSHMEM_ENABLED>
            <IVSHMEM_REGION/>
         </IVSHMEM>
      </FEATURES>

> Currently the Service OS's virtual UART interrupt doesn't work with LAPIC

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently the Service VM's virtual UART interrupt doesn't work with LAPIC
```

> passthrough, which may prevent Service OS from booting. If the nVMX enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
passthrough, which may prevent Service VM OS from booting. If the nVMX enabled
```

> passthrough, which may prevent Service OS from booting. If the nVMX enabled

Reviewer 2: Is `nVMX` the same as `NVMX`? If so, I would recommend we use only one capitalization for it.

      #define SOS_BOOTARGS_DIFF             "rw rootwait consoleblank=0
            no_timer_check quiet loglevel=3 i915.nuclear_pageflip=1
            hvlog=2M@0xe00000 memmap=0x200000$0xe00000 maxcpus=4 "

- Configure system level features:

  - Edit ``cpu_affinity`` to assign pCPU IDs to run the L1 guest. If you are
    using debug build and need the hypervisor console, please don't assign
    pCPU0 to the VM that enables nVMX
  - Edit ``guest_flag`` to enable ``GUEST_FLAG_NVMX_ENABLED`` on the VM that
    you want to run nested guests on
  - Edit ``guest_flag`` to enable ``GUEST_FLAG_LAPIC_PASSTHROUGH`` on this
    nVMX enabled VM

   .. code-block:: xml

      <vm id="0">
        <vm_type>SOS_VM</vm_type>
        <name>ACRN SOS VM</name>
        <cpu_affinity>
          <pcpu_id>1</pcpu_id>
          <pcpu_id>2</pcpu_id>
          <pcpu_id>3</pcpu_id>
        </cpu_affinity>
        <guest_flags>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_NVMX_ENABLED</guest_flag>
          <guest_flag>GUEST_FLAG_LAPIC_PASSTHROUGH</guest_flag>
        </guest_flags>

- Build with the XML configuration, refer to :ref:`getting-started-building`.

Launch nested guests
********************

> Since we disable serial console on Service OS if nVMX is enabled, you can log

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since we disable serial console on Service VM if nVMX is enabled, you can log
```

> in the Service OS with SSH.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in the Service VM OS with SSH.
```

Run QEMU on L1 guest to launch nested guest. Please note that ``-cpu host``
is needed to launch nested guests, and currently ``-nographics`` is required
to be able to run nested guests reliably.

   .. code-block:: bash
      :emphasize-lines: 2,3,4

>       qemu-system-x86_64 \

Reviewer 2: We should also tell the user what to install in the L1 guest. Which tools are needed, QEMU is the obvious one here, any other? Can we give an example based on Ubuntu?

Author: Yes, I will add some description on QEMU.

        -enable-kvm \
        -cpu host \
        -nographic \
        -m 2G \
        -smp 2 \

>         -hda /root/ubuntu-20.04.qcow2 \

Reviewer 2: We should add instructions on how to create such VM image, or a pointer to some.

Author: Yes, will do

>         -net nic,macaddr=00:16:3d:60:0a:80 -net tap,script=/etc/qemu-ifup

Reviewer 2: Is this script installed by default in the guest?

Author: Yes, I can explain more in the doc.

If the nested VM is launched successfully, you can have a working console:

   .. code-block:: bash

>       Ubuntu 18.04.2 LTS ubuntu_vm ttyS0

Reviewer 2: Minor thing but this indicates Ubuntu 18.04 while the name of the `qcow2` file indicates a Ubuntu 20.04 OS. Can we make these consistent?

>       ubuntu_vm login: nested_user (automatic login)

Reviewer 2: How to create this user and automatic login is something we should explain somewhere, at the same time we're explaining how to create the Ubuntu `qcow2` disk image.

Author: This is not related to nested feature. I can remove all the text after "login:" so it won't cause confusion.
